# ShoppingCart-Combine
Using Combine to track the total price of items in a shopping card - A challenge to showcase Combine skills

To gain experience using Combine, I asked ChatGPT to generate challenges to complete. This repo is my solution.

## The Challenge

- Create a shopping cart data structure to hold the items added by the user. Each item should have a name and a price.
- Implement functionality to add items to the shopping cart and remove items from it.
- Use Combine to observe changes in the shopping cart and calculate the total price.
- Display the total number of items in the cart and the total price in the shopping cart summary.
- Ensure that the summary updates in real time as the user adds or removes items from the cart.

## About the Solution

- I created a 'ShoppingItem' model, used to store the item's ID, name, price and image name
- All items are stored locally in the 'CurrentStock' class. Images for the items are stored locally were generated by AI. All prices are hardcoded to GBP
- I created a 'ShoppingCart' item which is into the view as an environment object
- The 'ShoppingCart' contains the logic needed to add or remove an item, and get the total count of an item in the cart
- The 'ShoppingCart' has two published items: an array of items in the cart, and the total price
- On initialisation of the 'ShoppingCart', a subscription on the items array is started. When this array is updated, a 'map' is used to 'reduce' on the array to get a total price, assigning this to the 'totalPrice' property
- To display this, a ShopView uses a 'LazyVGrid', made of custom 'ItemViews'.


## Screenshot
